 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(557) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(627) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(636) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(640) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(643) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(647) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(669) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(675) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(680) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(769) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(811) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(889) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(922) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(975) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1041) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1094) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1127) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1214) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1251) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1281) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1325) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
